# Group23 Daily Standup - 2023-11-09

## Done since yesterday:

**Chad**: Has been doing setup for Github, Jira, etc. Has also been working on the database design.

**Adib**: Has been talking about the color scheme and font for branding information and cooperating with David on the design of the login screen. He is planning to create the post page.

**Amanda**: Has been helping to plan the database design.

**David**: Has been discussing the color scheme and font for branding information and working on the design of the login-screen with Adib. He is planning to try to make the login screen by Sunday and get the login screen ready for the upcoming meeting.

**Jane**: Has been working on implementing a n/a option for the post-screen. Also discussed the design of the navigation bar with David.

**Jean**: Has been helping to plan the database design.

## Planning on doing today:

**Chad**: Planning continue work on the database design, and to create the Firebase database and share everyone into it. Also planning to attend the professor's office hours to clarify some questions about the project.

**Adib**: Planning to make the POST page, and setup Figma and Android Studio for design and development.

**Amanda**: Planning to continue work on the database design.

**David**: Planning to handle the login screen, also wants to ensure consistency in the design of the nav bar across pages.

**Jane**: Planning to implement other colors for the home screen and finalize the design. Also planning to handle the nav bar for screens.

**Jean**: Planning to continue work on the database design.
