# Group23 Daily Standup - 2023-11-12

## Done since yesterday:

**Chad**: Pushed changes to the `handlers` branch, wrote documentation for the new `createSubscription` method in `MainActivityModel.java`, and refactored `getEventFeedback` in `AdminEventsHandler.java` to as an example of using the new method. Also helped to fix David's Github.

**Jean**: Planning to refactor the admin announcements presenter based on Chad's changes.

**Amanda**: Continued work on the student complaints presenter, and is working on the student event handler with RSVP functionality. She has added doc comments and some general error handling methods to both student and admin presenters.

**David**: Completed the login screen and edited the colour palette for the app.

**Adib**: Fixed the breaking changes in his code.

**Jane**: Added final touches to navigation bar and created pull request

## Planning on doing today:

**Chad**: Planning to finish the `EventHandler` and work on authentication tomorrow. He is also concerned about the potential violation of the MVP pattern and plans to discuss it on Monday.

**Jean**: Continue work on announcements presenter.

**Amanda**: Look at Chad's `EventPresenter` and then decide what to do next. Also working on the design for the complaint view.

**David**: Work on complaints screen.

**Adib**: Start work on announcements screen

**Jane**: Work with Chad to merge navigation bar into main.
