# Group23 Daily Standup - 2023-11-20

## Done since yesterday:

**Adib**: Finished working on the student announcements page and pushed the code.

**Jean**: Finished adding functionalities to the student announcements page and managed to upload the first notification into the database.

**David**: Continued work on admin complaints screen

**Chad**: Completed the login authentication infrastructure and merged it to the main branch. Also revised the login screen to support this.

**Amanda**: Continued work on admin complaints presenter and tests for student complaints presenter.

**Jane**: Created the UI for students events page, added event cards and recycler view.

## Planning on doing today:

**Adib**: Planning to implement functionality to create new announcements and bring the create announcement option to the top. Also will continue working on the notifications page.

**Jean**: Planning to create the view and functionalities for sending announcements and to fix the issue with having to open the notification fragment twice before seeing the database announcements. Also will explore displaying dates using Adib's timestamp format.

**David**: Continue work on admin complaints screen.

**Chad**: Write infrastructure to let the team skip login while developing and will continue assisting the team with any technical issues that arise.

**Amanda**: Write the database functions for complaints and offer support to Jean in his work on the notifications branch.

**Jane**: Implement the buttons to go to feedback page, create another view for admin, hover colour for buttons.
