# Group23 Daily Standup - 2023-11-28

## Done since yesterday:

**Chad:** Completed massive merge of all sprint 2 work. (See [pull request](https://github.com/ChadRosseau/CSCB07-Group23/pull/61#issue-2015347307))

**Adib:** Started work on student events feedback page.

**Amanda:** Pushed student complaint, event and announcements presenter code, to be merged.

**David:** Learned how to implement a scrollable list of clickable items for complaint viewing

**Jane:** Finished the create feedback student screen

**Jean:** Continued making backend of create event.

## Planning on doing today:

**Chad:** Help Jane with fixing some bugs on admin events list screen.

**Adib:** Continue work on student create feedback screen.

**Amanda:** Work on the layout of screen of event fragments for creating an event on admin side

**David:** Complaint viewing java files such as adapter, fragmentview and view holder

**Jane:** Working on creating screen for admin events list and the student create feedback screen.

**Jean:** Continue making backend of create event.
